MTM-52999: announce authentication with access tokens from authorization (#200)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-18-0/whatsnew-10-18-0.md

Release 10.18.0 includes the following new features or major feature enhancements.

### Application enablement

### Authentication

#### Authentication with OAuth2 access tokens from authorization servers

> On top of standard SSO, Cumulocity IoT now also allows you to access the platform resources using access tokens from third-party authorization server directly as a Bearer token. The SSO configuration has been extended accordingly. For details refer to [Configuring authentication with OAuth2 access tokens from authorization servers](https://github.com/users-guide/administration/#configuring-authentication-with-oauth2-access-tokens-from-authorization-servers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of standard SSO, Cumulocity IoT now also allows you to access the platform resources using access tokens from third-party authorization server directly as a Bearer token. The SSO configuration has been extended accordingly. For details refer to [Configuring authentication with OAuth2 access tokens from authorization servers](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.18.0/users-guide/administration/#configuring-authentication-with-oauth2-access-tokens-from-authorization-servers).
```

> On top of standard SSO, Cumulocity IoT now also allows you to access the platform resources using access tokens from third-party authorization server directly as a Bearer token. The SSO configuration has been extended accordingly. For details refer to [Configuring authentication with OAuth2 access tokens from authorization servers](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.18.0/users-guide/administration/#configuring-authentication-with-oauth2-access-tokens-from-authorization-servers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of standard SSO, Cumulocity IoT now also allows you to access the platform resources using access tokens from third-party authorization server directly as a Bearer token. The SSO configuration has been extended accordingly. For details refer to [Configuring single sign-on > Configuring authentication with OAuth2 access tokens from authorization servers](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.18.0/users-guide/administration/#configuring-authentication-with-oauth2-access-tokens-from-authorization-servers) in the *User guide*.
```

Release 10.18.0 includes the following new features or major feature enhancements.

### Application enablement

### Authentication

#### Authentication with OAuth2 access tokens from authorization servers

> It is now possible to use OAuth2 access tokens from third-party authorization servers to access Cumulocity REST API. The SSO configuration has been extended accordingly. Configuring this authentication type,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of standard SSO, Cumulocity IoT now also allows you to access the platform resources using access tokens from third-party authorization server directly as a Bearer token. The SSO configuration has been extended accordingly. For details refer to [Configuring authentication with OAuth2 access tokens from authorization servers](https://github.com/users-guide/administration/#configuring-authentication-with-oauth2-access-tokens-from-authorization-servers).
```

> Access tokens from third party authorization servers can be used to authenticate in Cumulocity IoT. The SSO configuration is extended to allow the configuration of such authentication. Configuring this authentication,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible to use access tokens from third-party authorization servers to authenticate in Cumulocity IoT. The SSO configuration has been extended accordingly. Configuring this authentication type,
```

Reviewer: > 
On top of standard SSO, Cumulocity IoT now also allows you to access the platform resources using access tokens from third-party authorization server directly as a Bearer token. The SSO configuration has been extended accordingly. For details refer to [Configuring authentication with OAuth2 access tokens from authorization servers](/users-guide/administration/#configuring-authentication-with-oauth2-access-tokens-from-authorization-servers).
